Adding RN for Platform OS 5.2.0 (#22324)
hazelcast/hazelcast: hazelcast/src/main/resources/release_notes.txt

    FieldKind getFieldKind(String fieldName);

    You can use this method for fields that have changed or have a potential to change in the future. [#21876]
* Moved the `type-name` and `class` configuration elements into the `compact-serialization` block. Removed the `registered-classes` element. [#21861]
* Renamed the `cloneWithBuilder()` method as `newBuilderWithClone()` in the `GenericRecord` class. [#21730]
* Added support for `char` fields in the compact serialization format. With this, `char`, `char[]`, `Character`, and `Character[]` fields are now supported in the reflective compact serializers. [#21054]

### Configuration

* REST API is now enabled by default when you use Hazelcast Platform with Docker or by downloading the distribution packages (ZIP or TAR). [#22249]
* Member discoveries in cloud environments (AWS, GCP, Azure, Kubernetes, Eureka) in Spring XML can be configured now using property placeholders. [#21995]
* Added configuration elements for external data stores used by map stores, and JDBC sinks and sources. See Configuring Connections to External Data Stores. [#21716]

> * Added `offload` element to map store configuration. It is used to offload map store and loader operations for each map in the cluster. This way, a map store operation does not block the next operations by blocking a partition thread indefinitely. Partition threads are one of the most important shared resources in a cluster; this offloading enables faster completion of the operations in these threads.

Reviewer: This should not be (just) under configuration, I would advertise the ability to offload mapstore operations as an enhancement (it was a user request for quite some time).

This document lists the new features, enhancements, fixed issues and, removed or deprecated features for Hazelcast Platform 5.2.0 release. The numbers in the square brackets refer to the issues and pull requests in Hazelcast's GitHub repository.

## New Features

> * SQL stream-to-stream joins: You can now enrich the data of one stream with the data of another by joining them together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SQL stream-to-stream join: You can now correlate multiple streams of data with each other using the relational join operation.
```

* Generic MapStore: You no longer need to write Java code to get data from an external data store, such as a relational database, into Hazelcast by implementing the
`MapStore` or `MapLoader` interfaces.
* JDBC connector: You can now use SQL to connect to and query any database that supports the JDBC interface.
* Experimental User Defined Types: You can now query nested objects within Java, compact, and portable mappings using the User Defined Types (UDTs).

## Breaking Changes

* Introduced a check to control the versions of Hazelcast Platform members and Hazelcast CLI are matched. Previously, it was possible to submit a job using a different version of CLI from the member version. Generally, it would work when there were no change in the serialized form of pipeline. Now, Hazelcast fails earlier in this case. [#22224]
* Removed the `BETA` annotations from the compact serialization and `GenericRecord` related classes, i.e., they are stable. Now, compact serialization is enabled by default; the `enabled` attribute within the `compact-serialization` configuration block does not exist anymore. [#21997]

> ## Enhancements

Reviewer 2: Why isn't this applied?

> ## Enhancements

Author: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/pull/22324/commits/571dbce4b106f2072f12be464907d372a37b25e6#diff-53cc83504e64a52cb5bfd3f4d85401be6c5000155eeac8e24135e30df9b07b58R23

> ## Enhancements

Reviewer 2: Sorry, missed that. Approving.

### SQL Engine

> * SQL storage now is able to replicate data to the newly joined members in the cluster. [#21632]

Reviewer 2: This is not an enhancement, but a bugfix

* In case there is a field type that is not supported by the reflective serializer, now Hazelcast fails with an exception; all JDK classes are now excluded from the zero-config serialization, meaning, they cannot be used as types, field types, or array component types in the reflective serializers. [#21918]
* Hazelcast now does not provide methods to read a default value in case of a missing field in the data. Instead, the following method has been introduced in `CompactReader` to check the existence of a field with its name and kind.+

    FieldKind getFieldKind(String fieldName);

    You can use this method for fields that have changed or have a potential to change in the future. [#21876]
* Moved the `type-name` and `class` configuration elements into the `compact-serialization` block. Removed the `registered-classes` element. [#21861]
* Renamed the `cloneWithBuilder()` method as `newBuilderWithClone()` in the `GenericRecord` class. [#21730]
* Added support for `char` fields in the compact serialization format. With this, `char`, `char[]`, `Character`, and `Character[]` fields are now supported in the reflective compact serializers. [#21054]

> * Hazelcast now does not allow to create SQL mappings containing the compact format, when the compact serialization is not enabled, and provides a meaningful error; previously this situation was producing confusing errors. [#20998]

Reviewer 3: I think this is no longer true, since the compact is enabled by default now. I believe we should remove this item altogether
